### Volunteering for "Be the Change" Program

I volunteered for the "Be the Change" Program in 2018, during the summer break. It was a program that specialized in social justice issues of various kinds. For the first half of the program, we met three days a week and worked on getting to know everyone in the program with ice breakers. It was mostly working on our skills, such as, conversational skills, presentational skills, and getting out of our comfort zone. The second half of the program, we partnered up and worked on a specific social justice issue that we were passionate about. My partner, Matthew and I, we chose food waste as our social justice issue. Together, we came up with ways to educate people in our respective neighbourhoods and come up with ways to reduce food waste as a whole. At the end of the program, everyone had to present what their social issue was and how they would make a difference to their community. For that program alone, I received 40 hours of community service which fulfilled my requirement to graduate highschool.

I enjoyed the program a lot because it pushed me out of my comfort zone, and I met a lot of wonderful people, with which I am still good friends with. I instantly connected with what the program stood for because I shared the same morals and values that they were preaching. My favourite memory from the program had nothing to do with our social justice issue. In fact it was an argument I was having with my partner about I book series we both loved, "The Lorien Legacies". We were both so excited that the author had dropped another book, and we were talking about the characters in the book. I had messed up who a character ends up with, and for the longest time, I had thought I was right. But Matthew was so sure that the character ends up with someone else, and I kept denying him. When I read the book again to make sure, it turned out that Matthew had been right all along, and I had messed up. I confessed to him, and he gave me an earful (in a friendly way) and we laughed about it afterward.

What I didn't enjoy about the program was that it felt way too short, I would have loved to have had more meetings and hangouts with them, because they had truly become my favourite people to see and talk with that summer. I regret not opening up to them earlier, because I was very shy and didn't know anyone personally at the start of the program. After the program ended, our get togethers stopped, because school had started and everyone went to a different school and were in different grades. We had exchanged our socials and are able to see what everyone is up to, but we haven't met in person since. If I had to give a letter grade to my experience, I would give it an "A".