### Working Warehouse Jobs During Covid-19

After graduating from highschool in 2020, during peak Covid time, I decided to take a 2-year hiatus from studying, and held back on applying to post-secondary institutions. Instead, I decided to work with my mom and make money. It was pretty convenient to work with a family member, we would drive to work together, have lunch during break together, and clock out at the end of the shift and go home together. My very first job was at a warehouse for "Zara", the clothing company. I was designated to be a picker, I had to run around the whole warehouse in steel-toed shoes picking orders non-stop. I lasted a week there before I was fired for being too slow at picking orders. I was appointed at a different company warehouse called "DB Schenker" by my agency. My job was sorting different apparels into groups pre-made by the company. When they offered over-time, my mom and I accepted immediately since we had nothing better to do, and it was a great opportunity to make money, especially since this was peak Covid season, where a lot of people had lost jobs because of the pandemic. We were grateful to be making money. That job lasted 6 months, because the company went bankrupt, and everyone got laid-off. This was the only job that lasted this long, any other job I've had never even came close. 


I loved that job specifically, because I was getting paid higher than my previous one, the people there were also supportive and the supervisors were also nice and understanding. My favourite memory from this experience was the Christmas Party we had at the company warehouse. To show my appreciation to my bosses and colleagues I decided to hand make paper flower gifts for them. I had asked them their favourite flower and colour sneakily, as a by the way, pretending to have a normal conversation with them. I noted down their preferences and made gifts for them for Christmas. I also had to pull an all-nighter because I wasn't able to complete them before hand. All my colleagues loved the surprise and their personalized gifts a lot. I especially remember the gift I gave to my manager, because that was the one that took all night. Her favourite flowers were tulips, so I had made her a paper flower tulip bouquet, making sure to incorporate a black tulip since her favourite colour was black.

Something I didn't like from this experience was how strenuous it was working in warehouses. Because we needed to wear steel-toed shoes and constantly be standing and walking for 8 hours a day, with only two 15 minute breaks and one 30 minute break for lunch. Also after a while, the environment at "DB Schenker" had turned toxic, colleagues were fighting with each other, gossiping about each other, workplace politics became an everyday battle. And if there is something I hate, it's workplace politics. I don't understand it, I don't want any part in it, and I certainly don't want to be involved in the middle of it. It became so hard to come to work everyday, listening to the toxic colleagues, working with them, pretending everything is ok, when I knew for a fact, they were badmouthing me and my mother. They even reported us to the manager, for taking time out of our breaks to go fulfill our prayers. What they didn't know was that we had already spoken to the manager about our prayer schedule, and came to an agreement. If we hadn't been laid off, I would have quit, and made my mother quit as well, because we did not need that negativity back at home. Despite having a great time working, I would still give this experience a "C" because I could have been better off without so much negativity in my life, with everything that was already going on in the world at the time.