### Travelling to Different Countries With Family

My family really took advantage of the pandemic and used that time to travel to different countries. The first year, 2020, we couldn't really leave the country so we decided to travel domestically. We visited Banff, Calgary, and Vancouver. We hiked everywhere and saw beautiful lakes, such as Lake Morraine, Lake Louise, and even canoed in Emerald Lake. Then the following year, 2021, we visited Greece, specifically, Athens and Santorini. We made sure to visit the historic sights of ancient Greece, such as the Acropolis of Athens. We visited Turkey, specifically Istanbul and Cappadocia. We visited all the famous mosques in Istanbul, and rode the hot air balloon in Cappadocia. We ended that tour with Pakistan to visit family and then fly back to Canada. The same year during Christmas time, we had a girls trip to Dubai, my mother, me and my two sisters. Dubai is the place I was born, so it was pretty nostalgic being back after 12 years. The United Arab Emirates is a place that is constantly changing, so nothing was the same as when we lived there. Our apartment had been turned into a parking lot, new attractions had been created, old ones had been modified. We had so much fun, the weather was perfect, the food was amazing, the places were breathtaking. We also took this opportunity to buy gold for ourselves, as a future investment. We visited the tallest building in the world, the Burj Kahlifa, took a tour of the most expensive room in the Burj al Arab, everything in the room was made of real gold, and I mean everything. After the girls trip, we had another family trip in 2022, where we toured Northern Pakistan. Pakistan in general is such a beautiful country, it has everything, mountains, waterfalls, snow, rain, deserts, beaches. We made sure to travel all the way to the China border, and see that as well. We saw such beautiful scenery, exotic animals, and ate delicious food. 

The good thing about travelling with family is that you get to leave all your troubles behind, such as work, or school, or any other worries, and just spend quality time with family. Talk about everything and anything that you don't get to talk about in your day to day lives. Share good memories together, relax and recharge. My mother says that these are the memories you will look back at and miss, when everyone is married and busy with their own families and life. That is why she tried so hard to have so many family trips, because she knew that once we got older it would be harder to manage everyone's schedules and find a time where everyone was free at the same time. Even now it was difficult, being a family of 6 with 5 adults and a child, everyone having such conflicting schedules. But we knew how much family time meant to our mom, so everyone made sacrifices, my dad took time off work, my sister dropped courses her fourth year at university to make time and decided to do a fifth year, my brother pushed his personal travelling plans back, I dropped out of a Google course I was doing because the timings did not match. All these sacrifices mean so little when you think about the bigger picture and how many great memories we had created as a family. My favourite memory was during the Northern Pakistan tour, it was something very simple. My family, my grandmother, and my Uncle's family and my Aunt, we were all piled in one hotel room together just talking and enjoying our dinner. I glanced at my phone because I had gotten a notification. When I checked it, it was an email with my acceptance letter from Laurier, I had been accepted in the UX Design Program! It was the perfect time to let everyone know, and they were all so happy for me. My uncle got up right then and there to go and buy sweets to celebrate this happy milestone.

What I didn't enjoy from this experience was getting Covid after our trip to Turkey. Luckily everyone came back safely to Canada before we were tested positive for Covid-19. But that one month after our trip was brutal. First my little sister caught it, which was passed on to me, which was then passed on to my mom, while she was taking care of us, which was then passed on to my dad. My brother had not returned with us, so he was safe and my older sister was safe too, luckily, although she was sleeping with our little sister in the same bed, breathing the same air. It is still shocking to us how she did not catch Covid from her that time. Everyone was confined in their own rooms, and food was being delivered to us by our lovely and generous friends and neighbours. The second time, during our Dubai trip, my older sister caught Covid and we had to leave her there to catch our flight. After she had recovered, she came back to Canada on her own. Our little sister had once again caught Covid but we only found out after we had landed back to Canada. This time around though it was way better than last time and it didn't last long. Only my sisters were affected the second time around. Out of all my family members only my brother has not experienced Covid, which makes him very lucky. Regardless, of all the problems we faced after our trips, I would still give these experiences an "A" because they were once in a lifetime experiences, and no amount of getting sick will change that.
