### Winning The Summer Company Grant 2017

After my older sister had applied for the Summer Company Grant 2016 to grow her Henna business, and been accepted to receive the grant, my mom suggested that I too apply for it and start my own business. I agreed, and started the process the upcoming year, to hopefully be selected as a recipient of the grant for the summer of 2017. I first had to decide what I wanted my business to be, and then write a business plan to be submitted for the judges to read over, and select the winners according to their criteria. I had always loved doing art, and I was well versed in colour theory, I also knew in my heart that I loved spreading joy to people around me. With those thoughts in mind, my mother suggested that I start a Paper Flower Business, which instantly clicked, since that idea checked all of the boxes of the values I held dear. I started doing research about the materials needed, how to go about making paper flower products, how to reach clientele, etc. With my research complete I worked on the business plan, and came up with the name for my business, with the help of my beloved grandfather. He suggested the name "The Flower Girl", I really liked the name, and decided on using it. Once the business plan was complete, I submitted it, and waited for the results to be announced. And lo and behold I had been selected as one of the recipients to recieve the funding. It was told that 125 people had applied for the grant, and I was one of fifteen people that were selected as a recipient of the grant. Not only I, but my entire family, was so proud, especially my mother, whose both daughters had received the grant consecutively. After receiving the grant, I used the money to invest in my business and buy materials that would help me be efficient in making my products. I created social media accounts to promote my business, and attended community events to put my name out there. It has now been around six years since I started by part-time business, and I am glad with how far I have come.



The process of starting something new and completely different, was scary as well as exciting. But I had nothing to fear, because my older sister had already been through it, and she had received the reward of her hard work. I had, and still have so many people to look up to, when I was having a hard time with anything, really. I was young back then, only 15 years old, and the thought of possibly winning $3000 was encouragement enough for me. My favourite memory from this experience, was when I got the confirmation email for winning the grant. I was going through so many different emotions in that one moment, I rushed to my mom to tell her the good news. She was so happy for me. My mother has done so much for me, sacrificed so much of her own happiness to keep us happy, I want to keep making her happy and proud of me for the rest of my life. She then phoned back home to Pakistan, to tell my grandparents, aunts and uncles the wonderful news. Of course, there was a celebration for the recipients, family of the winners were invited to Brampton City Hall. There was great food, we got to take pictures with the judges handing us a giant check, we met with the Mayor of Brampton at the time, Linda Jeffrey. She told us she was so proud of us, and that we were role models for other youths and that we would have a great future as young business owners. It was the start of a new chapter of my life, I was now an entrepreneur.

What I didn't enjoy this otherwise great eperience, was the stress it caused me and my family. Although my sister had already been through it and succeeded, it was a different story for me, I am not like my sister at all. Despite the fact that there was a cash prize of $3000 in store for me, I had to be pushed and pushed to complete the business plan. There was a time where my brother was like, "let her be, she'll be the one missing out, if she doesn't complete the business plan and submit it." I was just so stressed because it was something I had never done before, despite my entire family helping me I just could not bring myself to do the business plan. After a couple of days, with the deadline coming closer and closer, I started working on the business plan again, not for me but for my mother. Despite all her nagging, I knew in my heart, that she just wanted the best for me, and in the future, if I were to win the grant, the money would only help me, not hurt me. So, in the end I submitted it in time, and I won the grant. I would rate this experience a "B" because the money made up for all the stress I had caused myself and my family.