### Making My Own Documentary

I volunteered for a program called "ReelYouth" in the winter of 2018, where I had the opportunity to make my own documentary. The program was held at "Revera Retirement Residence" in downtown Toronto. The first half of the program was icebreakers and getting to know my peers as well as the mentors. They did workshops on how to work with professional cameras, as well as the seniors living at the residence, since we would be making documentaries on the story of their lives. The second half of the program, was where the actual fun began. We got matched with which senior resident we would be working with, based on a survey we filled out, to see if any of our interests matched. I then got paired with a gentleman named "George Chiavegato" who loved cooking for his family. For the rest of the program, I interviewed and filmed him for the documentary in the comfort of his home, with the help of my partner, who assisted with the whole process, Debbie Yadeta. My documentary is still on Youtube, the name of it is "King of the Kitchen". This is the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bly8ETcGySM

What I loved about the program was that they gave as ample training on how to handle the heavy and expensive equipment, as well as how to handle the mood swings and issues properly in an empathetic manner with the senior residents, if any were to occur. My favourite memory from this experience was the Premier event that was held in honour of our first documentaries. Tickets were "sold" out to our families, and popcorn, drinks, and other snacks were given out. We dressed up in formal attire, just like a real movie premier. We were introduced into the theatre by an mc, and we entered with the "movie stars" arm in arm. It was also extra special to me, because my grandparents were visiting from Pakistan and they got to witness an event like this in person. They were so proud of me, and my achievements. I still remember the looks on their faces, and remember my grandfather boasting about his granddaughter to anyone who would listen. 

The only thing that I didn't enjoy would be the commute. I had to go by bus from Brampton to Toronto most of the days, if none of my family members were available to drop me off and pick me up. That was mostly it, there was nothing in the program I disliked, if given the chance I would love to participate in it again. With that being said, I would also give this experience, an "A".